Fix code instructions in How-to: Custom Error Pages (#4245)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/howto/custom_error_pages.md

</html>
```

> Additionally, lets remove the `render/2` function we previously introduced in `lib/hello_web/views/error_view.ex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you define the template disk, remember to remove the equivalent `render/2` clause for that template, as otherwise the function overrides the template. Let's do so for the 404.html clause we have previously introduced in `lib/hello_web/views/error_view.ex`:
```

Author: template disk?
"template file" maybe?
